As a responsible citizen, you wish to start an old clothes collection drive. These clothes are to be donated to an orphanage nearby. Write a letter to your friend informing him of your plan and requesting him to help you in this mission.
Covid has transformed the world of a student overnight. Write a letter to your grandfather sharing your new experience of ‘online classes’, how the digital medium has saved your education from coming to a standstill and how you have grown as a student in this time of distress.
In today's world of e-mail and SMS, you wish to go back to the conventional way of writing letters on paper. Write a letter to your grandmother telling her about this and the reason/s. Mention how you feel writing this letter to her and request her to reply to you in the same mode.
Of late this summer, you have been observing that the street lights in your locality are kept switched on till late hours in the morning. Write a letter to the Municipal Councillor of your locality highlighting this matter and mentioning two distinct reasons for your concern.
Some taps in your locality are left open all day resulting in a tremendous waste of water. Write a letter to the Municipal Commissioner of your city complaining about the problem. Suggest ways in which this wastage of water can be prevented.
The public park in your locality, once a place of recreation and relaxation, is now in a poor condition due to lack of maintenance. Write a letter to the Chairman of the Municipal Corporation drawing attention to the issue and requesting necessary action for its repair and upkeep.
While you were walking on the road the day before, you were robbed off your brandnew phone. Write a letter to the Officer in Charge of the local Police Station, giving an accurate account of the incident. You may include details which you think are important, such as the time and place of attack, description of the item robbed and the robber.
Write a letter to the Chairman of the local Municipal Corporation complaining about the dengue epidemic in your city. State the causes and suggest ways to deal with the problem.
You have been given a small sum of money to buy a gift for a friend. Write a letter to your friend telling him/her about the gift you have chosen for him/her and how it will benefit him/her.
You have decided to strengthen the bond of your friends by organizing an online drama.Write a letter to your best friend expressing your happiness and giving him a brief account of his part in the play, how he needs to prepare himself for the role and how this drama will usher a fresh breath of happiness and fun in your daily life.
You have recently ordered an English Grammar book from an online book store. The book has yet not been delivered. Write a letter to the bookstore manager informing about the issue and earnestly requesting to send it at the earliest. State reasons why you need it so urgently. In case of unavailability of the book, please suggest an alternative one.
You plan to visit a tourist spot with your family. Write a letter to the Manager of a hotel there enquiring about the availability of rooms and charges. Do state the number of rooms you need and the duration of your stay by mentioning the check-in and check-out dates. Also enquire about the services / facilities they offer their guests and what you expect.
You recently attended a workshop on Artificial Intelligence organized by your school. Write a letter to your friend telling him/her about this workshop. Mention the venue, duration, the presentation style of the resource person, the atmosphere at the venue and how you felt. Also write how you wish to implement your acquired knowledge from the workshop in your studies.
You tried your hand at cooking during the vacation and ended up with some amusing results! Write a letter to your friend sharing your funny kitchen experiments, the lessons you learnt and your pride when your first successful dish turned out well.
You want to start a new club in your school. Write a letter to your Principal requesting permission to start the club. Explain your role in it and give reasons to prove that the club will be beneficial for the school.
You were held up at the airport for a night due to a sudden airline strike. Write a letter to your friend narrating the incident.
You will soon have to make a decision about the subjects that you wish to study in classes IX and X. Write a letter to your grandfather telling him about the subjects that you plan to take up. Be sure to explain the reasons for your choice and how you think these subjects would help you in the future.
You wish to avail the school bus facility for pick-up and drop. Write a letter to the principal of your school with the above request mentioning the reason. Also furnish necessary location details, from when you wish to avail and finally request to let you know the monthly conveyance fee.
You, along with your relatives, plan to visit a hill resort in summer after the examinations. Write a letter to the Director in Charge of the Indian Tourism Department of the hill station you plan to visit enquiring about the easiest route, availability and tariff for stay for three days as well as the interesting sites you should visit to make your summer trip meaningful.
Your class was taken to visit an Old Age Home where you spent half a day with the residents. Write a letter to a friend telling him/her what you saw, how you felt and in what way you have changed since the visit.
Your friend and you have planned a day out with your friends at a local organic farm. Your friend’s father who lives in another city objects to your plan. Write a letter to him appealing against his decision and highlighting the benefits of your plan.
