Sarvodaya Education Society, a charitable organisation, is coming to your school to collect books for the poor, meritorious students. Write a notice for the school notice board asking the students of classes VI to VIII to donate their old books to the needy students.
The Kolkata Book Society is going to organize a week-long book fair in your school during the coming autumn vacation. It has requested your school for volunteers to manage various counters. As Secretary, Readers’ Club write a notice inviting the names of students from classes VIII and IX who wish to help.
The school is planning to conduct a Marathon to spread the importance of an active lifestyle. Write a notice for the school notice board for the Middle School students providing details regarding the event.
Write a notice to be put up on the school notice board informing the students of classes VIIIXII about an Inter House Cultural Festival on the occasion of ‘Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav’.
Your School is organizing a carnival to raise funds for the victims of Cyclone Amphan which struck Bengal recently.Write a notice for the school notice board informing the students about the event.
Your school has decided to host the regional level basketball tournament. Draft a Notice for your school Notice board inviting all the children of your school to participate in the tournament.
Your school is hosting an Inter-School Science Exhibition for the students of Classes VI to VIII to celebrate National Science Day. Write a notice for the school notice board informing students about the event and inviting them to participate.
Your school is organising an Inter-House Recitation Competition. Draft a notice for your school notice board giving relevant details of the event and inviting students from classes VIII to X to register their names.
Your school is organising an Inter-School Photography Competition. Draft a notice for your school notice board giving relevant details of the event and inviting students from classes VIII to X to register their names.
Your school is organizing an Inter-School Stand-up Comedy competition. Write a notice informing the students from classes VI to VIII to participate in the competition.
